Home | Simile 12 3 6 9 12 PM Simile raises $100M Series A. We are excited to announce our Series A funding round led by Index. Learn more →
Join the Simile x Gallup waitlist.
Platform Research Customers Careers About Us Request a demo Simile is a simulation platform for human behavior
Our AI-driven simulations show how and why customers, employees, or populations respond to change.
Request a demo Platform Enterprise simulation workflows
Find your audience
Reach niche populations
De-risk decisions
Understand segments
Test concepts
Generate instant insights
Platform Enterprise simulation workflows
Find your audience
Understand customers faster and act sooner
Reach niche populations
Unlock insights from hard to engage groups
De-risk decisions
Catch critical feedback before costly launches
Understand segments
Segment sentiment with precision and scale
Test concepts
Validate design choices with real-world behavior
Generate instant insights
Go from analysis to output instantly
About us We are building a foundation model that predicts human behavior in any situation, and a product that deploys it at scale. Read More Research A trustworthy exploration of the future
Our founding team introduced the original concepts of generative agents, rich agentic simulations, and the term “foundation model.” This work has given rise to the field of AI-based simulation.
Publications Customers Partnering with innovative leaders
“ Simile expanded our qualitative research scope by 15x without losing depth. Speaking with their simulated customers helps us quickly identify areas of opportunity for ongoing research. ” Andrew Crocco Head of User Research, Wealthfront “ What stood out about Simile is the rigor — the team is setting a new industry standard for quality and validation in understanding our customers. ” Raphael James Chief Strategy, Value & Innovation Officer, Telstra Accenture Joint Venture “ We're partnering with Simile with the goal to accelerate time to market in our product development life cycle. Simile has been a strong partner in our broader focus on understanding our consumers better. ” Bharathi Viswanathan Chief Digital & Information Office, Suntory Beverages & Food “ With Simile, we don't need to fail fast in front of customers — we can fail safely in a controlled environment. Teams can test, learn, and refine until they're confident it's ready for the real world. ” Srikant Narasimhan VP Enterprise Customer Experience & Insights, CVS Health “ In a sea of AI tools, Simile is the first to provide a new way for our private equity team to understand consumers with AI. ” Loften Deprez Operating Executive, Garnett Station Partners “ Simile is a game changer in how we understand customers - accelerating product while helping teams align faster across the organization. ” Fabricio Dore Chief Design Officer, Banco Itau Previous slide Next slide Partnership spotlight
A nationally representative panel
A simulation platform anchored in Gallup's probability-based,
nationally representative panel.

Model decisions against real-world sentiment — transparent,
replicable, and empirically validated.
Join the waitlist Careers Join our team
We’re looking for talented individuals to help turn our foundational research into tools that shape real-world decisions.
Based in the Bay Area and New York.
Get in touch © 2026 Simile AI, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
